Changelog July 31 (#515)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: changelogs/2025-07-31_new-sync-path-key.mdx

---
_schema: default
title: New sync path key
---

> This release added the `CLOUDCANNON_SYNC_PATHS` configuration key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release added support for syncing deleted files from a build back to your repository using the `CLOUDCANNON_SYNC_PATHS` environment variable.
```

It also addressed several issues, including those affecting Image inputs, syncs and merges for larger Sites, the Visual Editor, and uploading to Azure DAMs.

## Features & Improvements

> * Added the `CLOUDCANNON_SYNC_PATHS` configuration key, which allows you to delete files from your Git repository.
> * The `SYNC_PATHS` configuration key is now deprecated, due to the name being too common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sites can now use a `CLOUDCANNON_SYNC_PATHS` environment variable to sync changes, including deletions, from the build back to your repository. This is an extension of the existing `SYNC_PATHS` behavior.
* The `SYNC_PATHS` environment variable is now deprecated, in favor of an alternative with a better namespace.
```
